Fix retry logic (#787)
box/box-java-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Next Release
- Fix retry logic ([#787](https://github.com/box/box-java-sdk/pull/787))
- Retry for 400 `invalid_grant` error in authentication requests (Clock Skew)
- Honor Retry-After header, if present, by waiting for the time specified in the header before retrying

> - Number of request retries after the initial request is now equal to the `DEFAULT_MAX_ATTEMPTS` config value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The concept of setting / getting "Maximum API Requests" has been deprecated in favor of "Maximum API Retries" to more clearly show the number of times a request will be retried after an error response is received.

```
